a statement that you hear over and over as you become a leader in the
Navy is you have to know your people. I think that that's, ah, great
quality to have. But you also have to pair it with listening. You have
to listen to your people. So I I know that there are many leaders,
um that have people come in. And then the leader just yelled at them
and screams of them and says, You should do this and you should
do that and then seems the way. So, um, there's a time for that. But
for the most part, everyone has some kind of story. Nobody's out there
trying to be evil. No one is out there trying to do the wrong thing
for for the most part. So listen to their story, Um, and also be
empathetic. So even if they were wrong, you should know, especially
if they're young sailors. They didn't grow up the same way that you
did. Um, yes, of course they can be treat out, but it's more important
for them to understand why you're telling them to to do things a
certain way and to get them on board What you don't want to do is instruct
them. They know the right way, but then they leave, not wanting
to do the right way. You have to make sure that your words come
out so that hey, you know what? We're a team. You did it wrong. You
understand that? You did it wrong. You're gonna be a leader for other
people. So you have to do it this right way and you have to go. You
have tow, have them leave saying you know what? Um, he was right.
And let's do it the right way from now on.